In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[school bell rings]
Hey, Marc! How's it going?
Where's the rest of your class?
Oh, hey. We're done with classes.
The others probably went home.
Perfect timing! Some of us
are heading over to the art room.
-You should come check it out!
-Sure. Why not?
Maybe you'll finally
let me read your writing!
-Yeah. I don't know. Maybe.
-Awesome! See you later, then!
This is Ladybug and Mightyllustrator,
fighting Queen Wasp together!
-You mean Evillustrator?
-He changed his name
after Ladybug de-akumatised him.
A bad guy who comes over to the good side.
Great idea!
-You should make a comic book about that.
-But I'm only good at drawing stories,
-not writing them.
-Then team up with a creative writer.
Maybe, but I don't know
anyone who's into that.
Don't worry. There has to be somebody
just waiting to meet you. Red, please!
Marc! You made it! Come meet everyone.
This is Marc, the boy I told you about.
The one who's always writing!
Uh... I'm sorry.
I didn't want to disturb you.
Welcome to room 33.
You're never disturbing anyone here!
You can come when you want,
outside of class time or after school.
Everyone can create what they want.
Rose is writing lyrics for her rock band.
Rose, I'd like you to meet Marc.
Hey, there! Nice to meet you, Marc!
Alix is our expert in street art.
-And Nathaniel...
-Likes to draw people in skinny suits.
Welcome, Marc. The good thing about this
place is you can say whatever you want,
no one will judge you,
or only in good fun!
I saw your drawings on the school website,
but the real thing's better!
The movement, the expressions,
the attitudes. They're all so...
-Thanks. That's nice.
-Uh...
Sorry, but it's true.
I've never seen drawings so--
So messed up!
All he ever draws any more is Ladybug,
since she de-akumatised him!
As if Ladybug could care less
about a guy like him. Ha, ha, ha!
I've told you, if you have an art project
you want to work on,
-you're welcome here. Otherwise...
-I've got a project!
A masterpiece that'll revolutionise
the art world.
Nothing you'd have come up with!
-Let me guess. Another collage of selfies?
-[laughter]
What? No! That's ridiculous!
Utterly ridiculous!
You don't deserve my art anyway!
Well, Alix,
if Chloé did have an art project,
it's too bad we didn't give her a chance
to tell us about it, isn't it?
Whatever.
By the way,
you've shown up at the perfect time.
Marinette told us you're always writing
and Nathaniel needs a scriptwriter!
Me? A scriptwriter?
I don't write that kind of stuff.
I don't write anything interesting.
Sorry. Gotta go.
-Thanks for everything!
-No, Marc!
Hey, wait!
Marc!
"Diary of... Ladybug?"
"I saw The Evillustrator again today.
Now he's no longer
controlled by Hawk Moth,
he's become a true superhero,
like Cat Noir and me.
I'm sure he'd make an awesome partner,
but I'm too shy to ask him.
I don't want to talk to Cat Noir about it,
because I'm worried he'll be jealous!"
It's not exactly the truth,
but it's definitely a fun read!
Do you realise, Marinette? Ladybug
has become a source of inspiration.
You're a lucky charm
for artists everywhere!
Marc writes exactly the kind of stories
that Nath draws!
It's incredible!
They're meant to work together!
Looking for this?
Oh!
-Did you read it?
-Oh, no!
Yeah. Sorry. It was too tempting.
Oh, how embarrassing! It's so, so lame!
No, it's not!
You should turn it into a comic book!
-Why don't you team up with Nathaniel?
-I'm sure he won't like it.
Have him read it
before you jump to conclusions!
But what if he doesn't like it?
I'll be so embarrassed!
I'll have to change schools
not to run into him!
Now you're being silly!
Look, he draws Ladybug all the time
and you write stories about her!
Oh! I've got an idea!
We won't tell him who wrote it!
If he likes it, it's a win-win. If he
doesn't... we just won't say anything!
-Do you think it'll work?
-Trust me on this.
Nath, someone gave me this for you.
-Who's "someone?"
-I can't tell you. It's a secret!
Read it, and then we'll talk!
[gasps] "Diary of Ladybug?"
Is this... for real?
"I call up my Lucky Charm
while Cat Noir wields his Cataclysm,
and, together, we defeat
The Evillustrator! Pound it!
But even though we won this fight,
something keeps bugging me.
I can't stop thinking about him.
I know his real identity, so, sometimes,
I try to catch a glimpse of him
when I fly over his school."
-Do you think he likes it?
-Look at his face! Of course he does!
It's rude to spy on people!
No! It's not what you think at all!
It's just that... It's going to be...
Nathaniel's birthday soon, and Marc and I
wanted to give him a disguise.
-I mean, surprise!
-Cool. Very typical of you, Marinette!
-Well, if you need any help, let me know!
-Sure won't!
Sure will!
-Oh...
-You're just as shy as I am, aren't you?
Just do as I say, not as I do, OK?
How's it going?
Nath? So? What did you think?
It's seriously amazing!
But how did you get hold of it?
First, are you willing to meet the person
who wrote it and entrusted it to me?
Is it... who I think it is?
I can't tell you anything.
Please don't insist!
-Sure. Of course!
-Awesome!
You're gonna make someone very happy!
You keep it. You can give it back
to the "author" later today, in person.
It's my dream come true.
-This isn't some kind of prank, is it?
-Meet in Place des Vosges. Trust me.
You will not be disappointed.
-Final phase of Operation Comic Book.
-This will better than a fairytale ending!
-Ladybug?
-Huh?
-What? You're not Ladybug!
-Course I'm not! It's me... Marc.
-Didn't Marinette tell you?
-Marinette?
Uh, Operation Comic Book has hit a snag!
You were trying to make a fool of me!
-Think it's funny to toy with my feelings?
-No, not at all.
I... I just want to make a comic book.
If you want to, that is.
A comic book? Us? Together? Never!
Oh, no!
[sobbing]
A blooming friendship brutally ripped up.
Picture perfect no more...
Fly away, my beautiful akuma,
and evilise him.
Reverser, I am Hawk Moth!
You've been accused of pretending to be
someone you're not!
So, from now on,
no one will be who they claim to be!
I'm giving you the power to invert anyone.
The strong will become weak,
the brave will become cowards,
and the kind will become mean!
In return, you will seize Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous for me!
Nothing will be the same any more,
Hawk Moth!
Marc, what happened?
I'm not Marc any more!
I am Reverser! And you, Marinette,
the one who caused all this,
you think you're the helpful girl,
loved by everyone?
Well, from now on, everyone will hate you!
Reversion!
Ouch! What's happening to you,
my little pigeons?
Where are you going?
Wait! Come back, please!
But I don't get it.
I really was trying to help you!
Liar!
You told Nathaniel I was someone else!
Hey, you! What is this thing?
Vehicle registration, please!
You're all about law and order?
Well, we're all done with that! Reversion!
[laughs]
Do whatever you want with that paper plane
of yours! I've got other plans!
Marinette!
Where did Operation Comic Book go wrong?
Let's find out.
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
Stop, Reverser! We don't need to fight,
so please, make the right choice
and give up, Reverser!
You talk a lot, Ladybug. But what will
you do without your powers? Reversion!
You can't stay still, can you?
Well, let's go for a ride!
As the mayor will talk about
his Space Dumpster Program,
protesters saying "Space is no Dump"
are walking toward City Hall,
causing traffic jams in the city.
Ha, ha! In the name of the law,
do whatever you want!
The bank! He robbed the bank!
Aaah!
I forgot my fencing gloves!
Since traffic's so bad,
I'll go get them and catch up with you!
Plagg, claws out!
Be clever, Reverser!
A writer must never be short of ideas!
You used to be quick on your feet?
Now, you've got two left feet! Reversion!
-Oops!
-Whoo! Sorry! How do I ride a bike? Aaah!
Oh, no!
Aaah!
Thank you, Ladybug!
Gotcha!
[evil laugh] How do you like
your new role, Ladyklutz?
Excellent work, Reverser!
Now that she's weakened,
get hold of her Miraculous. Her earrings!
-Your Miraculous are mine!
-Awesome costume!
-Too bad we'll have to tear it up!
-Ugh!
-Everything OK, Milady?
-So you think you're brave, Cat Noir?
-From puss to wuss! Reversion!
-Oh, yeah, I'm so scared.
-Come on, Milady! Let's wrap this up!
-Cat Noir, wait!
Milady?
-Whoa!
-What's up, kitty? Got vertigo?
Aaah!
Locate them, Reverser!
The Miraculous are so close!
They are powerless now.
We've got all the time in the world.
I'll take care of them as soon as
I've inverted Marinette and Nathaniel!
Fine! But hurry!
I want my Miraculous!
[evil laugh]
Hmm. Alix, your friend is here.
-Where are Nathaniel and Marinette?
-That's a very creative costume.
-Would you like to join our workshop?
-All I want is to know where they are!
Right now!
Even swimming is impossible
with this curse!
Atchoo! Great!
Now I'm sure I'm gonna catch a cold!
-How are we gonna defeat him?
-What? You want to face him again?
I really don't want to fight
that bad guy! He looks so mean.
We don't have a choice, Cat Noir!
Reverser is looking for Nathaniel.
We've got to find him before he does.
I know where to look!
I can't do it! The stairs are too high.
It's making me dizzy.
[sighs] Come on, little kitty!
Here, kitty kitty.
That's it. Very good.
See? You're gonna be just--
Aaah!
We're not out of the woods yet.
Tell me where Nath and Marinette are!
-Can't you see we're busy?
-You're the meanest person alive,
treating Sabrina like a slave!
Reversion!
Chloé, I want fresh strawberry juice,
but pick out all of the seeds, first!
Yes, Sabrina. Coming right up, Sabrina.
Ha, ha, ha!
-Space is no dump!
-Thanks to our "Space Dumpster Program,"
all our trash is now stored
in orbital dumpsters,
making Paris
the cleanest city in the world!
-Space is no dump!
-Boo! Boo!
Space is no dump!
Paris the "cleanest city?"
We'll see about that! Reversion!
I'm going to order our satellites
to release all the dumpsters
back down towards Paris,
making our city
the biggest trash heap in the world!
[evil laugh]
Aaah!
Whoa! You drive like a maniac!
Sorry about that.
He's not quite himself right now.
Aaah!
[groans]
I hate art and music!
Let's destroy it all!
Reverser got here first!
Look! The Louvre is in almost
every single one of Nathaniel's drawings!
Does this mean
we'll have to take another cab?
You should have given him
a chance to explain.
What's the point? He wanted to tease me,
like everybody else!
It can't be because of Marinette.
It's not like her
to make fun of other people.
-You think I jumped the gun a bit?
-Nathaniel! We need you!
It's an emergency! Ow!
[gasps]
This is getting tiring.
It's been confirmed. 10,000 tons of
garbage are about to rain down on Paris.
Unless the mayor cancels the process,
Paris will be under a mountain of trash!
The man behind this chaos, Reverser,
has given an ultimatum.
Ladybug! Cat Noir!
Deliver Nathaniel and Marinette to me
right now!
I also demand you hand over
your Miraculous!
We have to try and talk to him.
And we'll need you, Nathaniel.
-What about Marinette?
-No time!
Reverser will have to settle
for just Nathaniel.
-I'm coming with you.
-No way! It's too dangerous.
Actually, I'll just stay here, too,
so I don't get in the way.
-Boo!
-Aaah!
[groans]
It looks to me
like you're going to need a helping hand.
You can never get too much help!
Nathaniel is my friend.
I'm not dropping him.
-You're a public health hazard!
-I never even went over 15 miles an hour!
That's strange, the stars are out early.
Those are not stars!
The trash is entering the atmosphere.
In a few minutes,
it'll be like a meteor shower,
-except with dumpsters instead!
-[fearful shivering]
Don't be scared, Cat Noir. We can do this!
You're right. Our powers may be screwed
up, but we still make a great team!
Lucky charm!
A bamboo roll?
Reverser! We're over here!
I've got a deal for you.
I'm gonna hand Cat Noir over to you now!
In exchange, you'll get the mayor
to order the dumpsters back into space!
Then I'll give you my Miraculous
and Nathaniel.
I'll only reverse the mayor back
if I have Cat Noir and Nathaniel!
Then I'll reverse him and he'll have no
choice but to make a comic book with me!
OK!
-Milady, I'm too scared!
-And I don't want to be reversed!
You have to trust me. This is gonna work!
Cat Noir and Nathaniel are on their way!
Stop the space dumpsters!
If you try to trick me, it'll cost you!
What trick do you actually think
I could pull, Reverser?
With the scaredy cat and me, SuperKlutz,
we don't stand a chance!
What?
Go, Cat Noir!
Aaah!
OK! Got it!
Whoa!
Stay still, you nasty flea bag!
Now turn back...
A little to the right, Alix.
Yes. Now a bit up...
Cat Noir, now!
Cataclysm!
Aaah!
Miraculous Ladybug!
-Aaah!
All right! Stunt time!
Aaah!
Hey, Ladybug, you're gonna need this!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Cool! Feels good to be ourselves again!
My, my! I guess that space-dumpster thing
was a bad idea, after all.
Thank you, Ladybug and Cat Noir.
You really keep this city clean!
Marc and Nathaniel, by now you realise
there was a big misunderstanding.
But if you give each other a chance,
you'll find out
how well you can work together.
A bit like you and me, Milady!
Pound it!
Some day soon, Ladybug and Cat Noir,
the order of things will reverse,
and I will win!
"Next, they team up with Mightyllustrator
and de-akumatise Reverser.
-Then he joins the team."
-Wow! Great job, boys!
Ha, ha! Thanks.
-This wouldn't have happened without you.
-I'm so relieved you're not mad at me.
In fact,
we've dedicated our first issue to you!
To Marinette,
who would make a super superhero!
[both] If she wasn't such a klutz!
[laughter]